
# Summary
The [Dependency Injection](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dependency_injection) design pattern implements the concept of [Inversion of Control](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inversion_of_control) and solves problems like:
* How can an application be independent of how its objects are created?
* How can a class be independent of how the objects it requires are created?
* How can the way objects are created be specified in separate configuration files?
* How can an application support different configurations?

Creating objects directly within the class that requires the objects is inflexible because it commits the class to particular objects and makes it impossible to change the instantiation later independently from (without having to change) the class. It stops the class from being reusable if other objects are required, and it makes the class hard to test because real objects can't be replaced with mock objects.

# Specification
Use PSR-11 compatible Dependency Injection. Additionally, this encourages composition of objects that follow the SRP.

# Implementation
Dependency Injection MUST only use the Symfony Dependency Injection component. 

# Service Definitions
Service definitions tell the container what dependencies an object has.
* All service definitions MUST be generated by the Symfony PHPStorm plugin.
* All service definition files MUST only declare dependencies for a single class.
* All service definition files MUST NOT have more than one service per file.
* All service definition files MUST be named `<CLASS_NAME>.yml` and be at the same directory level as the target class.
* All service definitions MUST explicitly declare the `public` property value.
* All service definitions MUST explicitly declare the `shared` property value.
* All service definitions SHOULD NOT declare an `alias`. If an `alias` is necessary it MUST be noted in the PR why and how it will uphold the Neighborhoods Engineering Values.
* All service files SHOULD NOT use the `resource` declaration. If a `resource` declaration is necessary it MUST be noted in the PR why and how it will uphold the Neighborhoods Engineering Values.
* All `parameters` for a service definition SHOULD be in the same service definition file as the service that they relate to. If a `parameter` declaration is necessary outside the service definition file that it relates to it MUST be noted in the PR why and how it will uphold the Neighborhoods Engineering Values.
